You're too slow.
(Jiraiya groans)
Pervy Sage.
Oh, no, you don't.
I can see it.
(dramatic music)
(Urashiki chuckles)
Just give it up, already.
(dramatic music continues)
(Jiraiya groans)
(Urashiki chuckles)
Pervy Sage.
(Urashiki patters)
(fishing rod whooshes)
(fishing rod smacks)
(Boruto thuds)
I'll stop you.
No, don't, Naruto.
You're the one he's
after, remember?
But if this keeps up...
(Sasuke breathes)
What's going on?
Wait, it's those guys.
(Boruto grunts)
(Boruto thuds)
In one fell swoop, I'll tear
off that seal inside of you.
(Naruto grunts)
(Urashiki chuckles)
(Sasuke patters)
(kick sound)
(Sasuke groans)
(Sasuke thuds)
You certainly know
how to waste my time.
Boruto, take Naruto
and get out of here.
-(Naruto gasps)
-What? Sasuke, no way.
The whole reason we came
here is to protect Naruto.
Don't lose sight of that.
Oh, well, I'm not
going to let you.
(wind blasts)
Go on.
But...
Go, now.
(Sasuke grunts)
(wind blasts)
(both gasp)
Let go.
Come on, let go of us.
You're not going anywhere.
(Sasuke groans)
Let go.
(Urashiki screams)
(dramatic music)
(water splashes)
(opening theme music)
(dramatic music)
It doesn't seem like
he's followed us.
Hey, hold still, I'm
not done wrapping you.
Lemme go.
Please, just let me out of this.
Settle down.
Come on.
Please, just undo this thing.
And what happens then?
Then we go and save
him, what else?
Are you certain that you could
win if you went back there?
(Boruto sighs)
(dramatic music)
(Urashiki grunts)
Now you fools have
really gone and done it.
(dramatic music continues)
Well, I guess I'll go and look
for the owner of this sword.
(Sakura patters)
Just who are you, anyway?
(Sakura gasps)
(Sakura pants)
So heavy.
(Sakura groans)
You really ought to
think very carefully
about exactly why your friend,
did all that just
to let you get away.
You saw Urashiki's moves
as well, didn't you?
Don't you fools get it yet?
My eyes are able to
see into the future.
What he said, I don't
think it was a bluff.
Do you believe that he can
actually see the future?
That's impossible,
regardless of who this
Urashiki guy might be.
I've never even heard of a jutsu
that would give someone the
ability to see into the future.
Still, until we figure
out what his trick is...
And that's why we
can't just leave him.
Boruto.
I'll never abandon my friends.
Uh-huh, you sure got that right.
I said you're not
going anywhere.
Hey, let go of me.
Until we're able to
figure out his jutsu,
we don't have a chance
of winning against him.
Don't you understand that?
(Boruto gasps)
The blood.
Listen, just hold on
for a second, all right?
You've gotta give us
more details, you know.
I'm not sure about
this just yet,
but I wanna test something out.
It's okay, just come with me.
(dramatic music)
Hmm.
(dramatic music continues)
Ah-ha, a child?
What exactly is going on here?
And just who is that enemy?
(dramatic music continues)
You've gotta wake up soon or
we're gonna be in big trouble.
[Urashiki] Can you hear me?
(Sakura gasps)
I don't know who you are
or where you're from,
but you really ought to stop
doing such dangerous things.
So what do you say?
Come on now, let's stop
wasting each other's time.
Simply hand that man over
to me and if you do so,
then I'll be happy
to spare your life.
He found us.
No, he couldn't
have, not that fast.
There's no need to
put yourself at risk,
futilely trying to protect a man
that you really don't know
anything about, is there?
What am I doing?
Why am I risking my life
for someone I barely know?
Despite appearances
to the contrary,
I'm quite tolerant, you know.
I have no desire to
hurt an innocent child.
I could find you quite
easily with my eyes
but I don't want to waste
my strength unnecessarily.
(Boruto grunts)
You're quite stubborn
brats, aren't you?
(Naruto grunts)
(bomb blasts)
(daggers whoosh)
Got him.
Damn it.
What is going on here?
You have eyes in the back
of your head or something?
You're really quite relentless,
putting me through
all this trouble.
Come on.
How are you able to evade
our attacks so easily?
Can they do it?
(sword slices)
(kick sound)
(Boruto thuds)
Weren't you listening?
Didn't I already say that
my eyes can see the future?
(tree cracks)
Fire Style Dragon Flame Bomb.
(Jiraiya grunts)
(Urashiki chuckles)
(upbeat music)
So you snuck back just
to brazenly attack me?
Your friendship
really is so touching.
Toad Oil Bomb.
(upbeat music)
(Jiraiya gasps)
(Urashiki chuckles)
An attack like that is useless.
Now, Earth Style Mud Wall.
(ground rumbles)
(upbeat music continues)
(wall crashes)
My, they certainly
are quick to run away.
You see it?
Yeah, I did.
The blood on his clothes,
dried more quickly
than what got on mine.
(dramatic music)
Now let's end all
this, shall we?
It all happened just like
you said that it would.
Mm-hmm.
Although, you were
being pretty reckless,
taking that risk
just to confirm it.
If our attack had
been too obvious,
Urashiki would've
gotten suspicious.
Blood, huh?
I get it.
Wait, are you serious right now?
Are you telling us that
you've just figured out,
how his jutsu works?
I'm only saying I saw that
the blood on his clothes,
had dried faster than on yours.
Which means...
Which means?
That's as far as
I got, you know.
That's literally
what I just said.
Yeah, well, have you
figured it out yet?
No, I don't have a clue either.
[Jiraiya] Is it
possible that Urashiki,
could've released
heat from his body
to increase how fast it dried?
[Boruto] No, I don't think so.
I didn't see any signs of that.
Okay, is there any
chance he used Wind Style
or something like that?
I doubt it.
Hey, come on, guys.
Just explain it so that
I can understand it too.
Looking at the factors
that caused the bloodstain
to dry faster, there are
three things to consider.
First, he produced heat that
decreased the drying time.
Second, that he was exposed
to a whole lot of wind.
Or thirdly, for
him and only him,
somehow a longer
amount of time passed.
[Naruto] A longer
amount of time?
[Boruto] What do you mean?
The way he boasted
to all of us earlier,
about being able to
see into the future,
hasn't been sitting well
with me, one little bit.
At first, I thought
he was just bluffing
but it could be at
least half true.
Half true?
Instead of just
foreseeing the future,
what if he actually
goes to the future
and then uses some method
to go back to the present,
once again?
Seriously?
No way.
I wonder if maybe he can
actually turn back time.
You mean he has another ability,
aside from the
Transportation Technique?
Hmm, well, without a doubt,
that would explain all
the totally weird stuff
that's been happening
up until now.
(dramatic music)
(wind gushes)
I found you.
No more running away.
Careful, if he can turn
back time, this'll be bad.
(bomb blasts)
Ah, so you've
finally realized it?
Yes, you're correct,
time is on my side.
I'll choke the breath
right out of your bodies,
before you even realize it.
(fishing rod whooshes)
(daggers clang)
What a fidgety
little brat you are.
However, I've already
read all your moves.
(tree cracks)
Even if only seconds
pass for you,
in the same amount of time,
I can relive that moment,
over and over, even
dozens of times.
And doing so allows me to
select the best possible move.
(Boruto screams)
(Boruto thuds)
Initially, this ability,
was supposed to be
a defensive jutsu,
but of course, against
idiots like you,
I can easily use it
offensively, as well.
Why you.
Yes, get angry.
That'll make my
job so much easier.
I won't let you get away
this time, Naruto Uzumaki.
(Urashiki gasps)
(Urashiki grunts)
(droplet plinks)
Ninja Art Toad Mouth Trap.
We're inside the belly of the
Great Toad of Mt. Myoboku.
I see.
So then right now,
I'm in a stomach.
You humans do such
interesting things.
Even if you can turn back time,
I've figured out that it's
only for a few seconds.
Because otherwise, we'd
have been dead long ago.
So what's your point?
In other words,
even you aren't able
to go back to the moment
before you were put
into this belly.
(Urashiki chuckles)
Do you plan on dissolving
me in stomach acid?
How pitiful you think
you can stop me,
with something like this.
Try to conserve your strength
as much as you can, you two.
(blast sound)
(upbeat music)
(Urashiki whooshes)
Like I said, I can
replay the same moment,
over and over dozens of times
and then select the
best possible move,
all before you can even blink.
I'll begin by eliminating
the nuisances,
and then proceed at my leisure.
(dramatic music)
(Urashiki chuckles)
(Boruto grunts)
(dramatic music continues)
(Urashiki coughs)
(Jiraiya smirks)
This is quite strange.
What's going on here?
We got you.
Like I said, we're
inside the belly now.
You see, the air in here is
filled with acidic poison.
Since it's colorless
and odorless,
it can be very hard to detect.
Even if you can endure
it for a little while,
after about ten minutes,
the poison begins to
paralyze your entire body.
(Urashiki chokes)
No way.
[Jiraiya] You've been
reliving the earlier attacks,
over and over
again, haven't you?
That's what you said, right?
That means the poison's effect
on you is many times greater,
than the effect it's had on us.
Despite being on a rung of
existence lower than a monkey,
you fools are pretty
arrogant, aren't you?
Let's do this.
Right.
(upbeat music)
(Boruto grunts)
(Naruto whooshes)
(Naruto grunts)
(Urashiki thuds)
(upbeat music)
(Naruto chuckles)
That's what you get.
See that?
Awesome.
Wow, big bro, that was amazing.
I'll say.
Knocked me off my feet.
(Boruto chuckles)
We won.
Yeah.
That jutsu earlier was amazing.
So, what should we call it?
Maybe Naruto Stream?
I don't really know why,
but that sure has
a nice ring to it.
Right?
I know.
(upbeat music)
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
[Boruto] It's over, Urashiki.
It's over, you say?
Don't underestimate
me, you little brat.
[Naruto] What, are you looking
to get beat up some more?
[Jiraiya] He's not bluffing.
He still has something
hidden up his sleeve.
Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations".
The Last Battle: Urashiki.
(Urashiki chuckles)
You fools.
I'm gonna crush all of
you till you're dead.
(closing theme music)